By the way, ma'am,
I know he said
it should be 13 young virgins,
but does it have to be exactly 13?
As a matter of fact,
I was dying to know about that all night,
so I called the fortuneteller
first thing in the morning.
What did he say?
He said it should be
exactly 13 virgins.
No more, no less.
Exactly 13.
Then it's very unlikely.
I mean, how will the spies kill
exactly 13 as if they know about it?
There are more than 70 hostages
in the dorm.
My goodness.
That many?
Yes.
That reminds me.
They're supposed to release
some of the hostages today.
Release?
How many?
Well, as many as the spies want, I guess.
Yes, I guess so.
What kind of man is
Eun Chang-su, the ANSP director?
Do you want me
to brief you on my boss?
Brief a Northern spy?
I'm holding tens of students hostage,
yet he's fooled me twice.
Is he foolish enough
to try to fool me again?
Was Cheong-ya caught?
Was Han-na caught?
The ANSP director is
dealing with you himself?
A mere Northern spy like you?
The director himself?
His daughter is being held hostage,
so I'm sure he ran over in a rush.
The director's daughter?
The whole building is
rigged with C4 bombs,
from basement two to the third floor.
If you try to deceive me again,
the bombs will go off all at once.
Check if it's true.
If I push this button,
you, I,
and the 70 hostages
will all die.
Then
Director Eun Chang-su
won't even find his daughter's body.
How dare that bastard
threaten him like that?
Wait, Eun.
Don't tell me you believe that bulls***.
I should.
If the bombs explode
and the students get killed,
what will you do?
You'll blow yourself and your men up?
Aren't you their leader?
Is Geum-cheol's death not enough?
Are you going
to lead the rest to death too?
I'll do anything for my men's honor.
I won't let them die as traitors.
I'd rather blow ourselves up
to die heroes for my country.
What is this?
Don't tell me
what he just said is scaring you.
My goodness.
You're too chicken to serve the country.
We can just get them all at once
before they blow themselves up.
Get them all at once? How?
I knew this might happen,
so I already put another plan into action.
Dr. Kang will knock out two
of the communist spies with injections,
so all you need to do
is get rid of the booby traps
on basement two.
Then our SWAT team
will go in secretly and kill
the last one.